feat: Implement Mesh in Konnect feedback (#6098)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/org-management/deactivation.md

* All billing stops immediately, and all {{site.konnect_saas}} subscriptions
are removed.

> * The control plane (both the {{site.base_gateway}} and {{site.product_mesh_name}} global control planes) associated with the organization is decommissioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The control plane (both the {{site.base_gateway}} and {{site.product_mesh_name}} global control planes) associated with the organization are decommissioned.
```

> * {{site.product_mesh_name}} local zone control planes and dataplanes (workloads) continue to run, but will not receive new updates to configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {{site.product_mesh_name}} local zone control planes and data plane nodes (workloads) continue to run, but will not receive new configuration updates.
```

* All billing stops immediately, and all {{site.konnect_saas}} subscriptions
are removed.

> * The control plane (both the {{site.base_gateway}} and {{site.product_mesh_name}} control planes) associated with the organization is decommissioned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The control plane (both the {{site.base_gateway}} and {{site.product_mesh_name}} global control planes) associated with the organization is decommissioned.
```

> * {{site.product_mesh_name}} data planes continue to run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* {{site.product_mesh_name}} local zone control planes and dataplanes (workloads) continue to run, but will not receive new updates to configuration.
```
